three-two-one what I see is what is up
guys
karma medic here and welcome back to
another dose so I just got back from the
UK I walked into my room and I saw all
these boxes that my sister had kindly
placed aside for me and I'm just way too
excited I felt like I had to unbox them
as soon as possible and over the last
couple of months that channel have seen
an insane amount wrote something that I
did not expect at all and some things
that I'm still pretty shocked about if
I'm completely honest one video went
super viral a couple others cost a
100,000 views on this channel across 1
million and now we're almost at 2
million which is just absolutely crazy
think about now my goal with this
YouTube channel has always been the same
and that has been to get as many
students as possible get accepted into
medical school and honestly the support
and positive feedback from you guys has
been nothing short of incredible I am so
pleased and so happy you guys are
enjoying the content that I am making so
in order to continue providing you guys
with high quality content hopefully help
add value to your life in some way shape
or form I bought a bunch of things that
will hopefully help me make better
videos help me make more videos and that
you guys will hopefully enjoy more in
the future and so after that long intro
let's grab this kitchen knife and get
straight into the packages now honestly
guys I don't remember what is gonna be
smaller packages so I'm just gonna pick
one around them and start going for it
and I guess we'll see what's inside what
do we have in the first small package
bit harder to open than I anticipated
this is small and it's heavy
all right just to adopt their screws
that I need for something else so let's
just skip on this package oh man and
I've always wanted to do this because
I've seen Casey nice not do it in all
his videos so are we the Box is throw
away the packaging and on to the next
box alright next package
nice
so with this massive new monitor that
I've bought down here I'm gonna be using
my laptop in console mode which
basically means it's just closed on my
desk and so this over here it's a nice
new holder here oh nice so this is a
this is also gonna go on the C Stein so
that I can put my camera and have like a
top-down view of my desk take a look at
this thing one ooh
paper like so as long as I've got my
iPad I haven't been using a screen
protector this is the first one that I'm
gonna try out pretty excited to try it
because it has the best reviews on
everything I've seen on YouTube and
you'll definitely be seeing a video
about that soon the next big package
this is the godox light box I believe so
I can have better lighting here in my
room because as you can probably tell
right now my room is being lit by what I
see if that isn't proof I have a
cat-like reflexes I do not know what is
whatever natural lighting is outside and
I'm sure it's not as good as it could be
I definitely want to have better and
more even lighting in my videos so this
is going to make my video as much
brighter it's gonna make sure I have
consistent lighting found my videos and
I'm super super super excited to use it
all right so that is the light box done
I mean hopefully you can see this
produces a massive amount of light this
is my room with the light on and then if
I turn it off gets quite a bit darker
okay
alright this over here is not a package
but I do want to unbox a on the channel
and so this is sort of like a planner
that I bought in Toronto I used to have
one in my dorm room when I was studying
in Toronto I found it very very useful
so I decided to pick one up to the UK as
well so this is basically to replace the
magnetic cord that I have here because I
had
everything and it's really not that neat
and so I wanted to get something fixed
that would make it look much more this
fell through the cracks these are two
spare batteries for the camera that I'm
using and with these batteries I'm gonna
be able to vlog all day from the very
morning till the very night and that's
why I got them because with my vlogs
before I'd have to charge my batteries
halfway today and so yeah now this way I
can vlog all day long do not run out of
battery and make more content so shout
out to my good friend Abby in Toronto
when I cross the 1 million view mark on
my youtube channel and they got me a
little present here I've already seen it
snapshot a bit but I'm super excited
same person wonderful so it's an orange
mug that says karma medic another dose
on 1 million views on it that's super
cute thank you guys this over here so
basically I have two stands this is the
stand that I got for the light box it's
just a normal tripod by newer when you
bring it down you have these little
things here you can unpin it raises like
that this is what I'm gonna be using to
hold up my light box there we go alright
so this is the new wide-angle lens that
I've got I'm really excited about this
because it's gonna really help improve
my vlogs so when I'm walking around and
holding the camera out at a distance
you're gonna be able to see more of me
and all of my surroundings
alright literally just the lens this is
the big boy is it alright so just to
give you guys an idea of what this new
lens you can be able to do I'm gonna
switch out the lens that you're looking
at me with right now and go on this one
and you'll be able to
just how much more of this room it's
able to capture in 3 2 1 whoa that is
amazing amazing this is the same amount
of background on my previous lens could
capture and now with the wide-angle lens
can get that much more very excited to
use this for vlogging it's gonna be
absolutely great not really sure what
this does does anybody know let me know
in a comment below
I'll fix that right now all right that
should be much better hopefully the
audio is crystal clear now boxes so this
is a very big light that's gonna help
provide all the strong lighting but I'm
gonna put inside the light box to help
light up this room a lot better okay and
then the second to last thing that I
have on this desk
is this now a c-stand
consists really heavy things I do not
know what to do with this opens yes
there's that so that is our base so this
is my old camera too had pretty great
picture quality but it's autofocus was
very banned which meant it made of
logging really really difficult I think
I'll find a good use for it place is how
you get your downward angled shot oh
hell yeah
awesome all right cool
well look out for videos using this in
the future
and then there should be one more
package in the house I don't see it here
so I'm gonna have to check the Tamas on
where that's gone
all right it is here the last package
has arrived now this is actually one of
the packages I'm most excited for I
can't wait to use it I'm sure it's gonna
up the quality of my video is quite
significantly rode videomic pro plus now
this microphone is supposed to be a very
big upgrade over the rode videomic row
that i'm using right now and this
microphone is Oh almost cut myself well
I've had a long accidents do happen
Wow that is a big big boy alright so
let's do a quick microphone test that
you guys can see the difference in what
these mics sound like what phrase should
I say hmm I don't know what this orange
dog is I don't know what this orange dog
is okay and so now I'm using the new
microphone hopefully you guys can hear
me a lot better hopefully the audio is
significantly improved I guess I'll have
to see when I'm editing and I'll find
out that way alright and then real quick
in this second package I just have a
like what's called the Dead concert I
think I'm gonna use this new mic without
this for a little bit and see how it
handles those situations anyways back to
the video this last guy over here this
is a very big box I don't think is gonna
work with this camera angle so let's
switch over to something else and we'll
unbox this massive massive monitor
alright so so a little bit later on fast
forward a couple of hours of cleaning up
the room and getting things a little bit
organized and it's finally time to open
this bad boy I'm so excited I'm just
really excited for the increase in
productivity that I know this monitor is
gonna give me I just cannot believe how
big it is this is massive
Wow Jesus Christ that's huge I mean if
this isn't absolutely wild I don't know
what is
now I'm actually kind of embarrassed to
show this because it looks like a bomb
has gone off in my room yeah it kind of
looks like a massive massive mess that's
definitely gonna take a while to clean
up but hopefully it was worth it and you
guys enjoyed the video everything that
you guys saw in this video is gonna help
me produce better videos for you guys in
the future and bring more content to you
guys that you will enjoy think I'm gonna
leave it here because this is not gonna
clean itself if you guys did enjoy this
video please do leave a like on it and
also subscribe to the channel to more
videos from me in the future anyways
that is it for me and I will see you in
the next one peace
you